= Changes log for the RO Bundle Ruby Gem

== Version 0.2.3

* Re-added missing `manifest` reader to ROBundle::File.

== Version 0.2.2

* Update ucf dependency to fix rubyzip security vulnerability.

== Version 0.1.0

* Use the ZipContainer::ZipError in examples and tests.
* Use "self" for the File class methods and fix docs.
* Read the id from the manifest.
* Set .ro and .ro/manifest.json to be required entries.
* Properly detect missing manifest during creation.
* Simple validation of the manifest file.
* Read createdOn and authoredOn info from the manifest.
* Add a class to represent an Agent in an RO.
* Read createdBy and authoredBy from the manifest.
* Move the .ro directory code to a sub-directory.
* Move the manifest class to its own file.
* Document the RODir and Manifest classes.
* Move operations on the manifest data into the manifest class.
* Harden getting a missing time from the manifest.
* Harden getting the id from the manifest.
* Harden getting the creator and author list.
* Get the list of history files from the manifest.
* Ensure that an Agent always has a name.
* Ensure lists are always returned when necessary.
* Add separate tests for the Manifest class.
* Add an exception for invalid aggregates.
* Add a class to represent an aggregated resource.
* Cache created_on and authored_on in the manifest.
* Expose the aggregates method in the File class.
* Ensure that Manifest#aggregates always returns a list.
* Add a class to represent an annotation.
* Add the #annotations method to the Manifest class.
* Expose the annotations method in the File class.
* Add Agent#to_json.
* Refactor to use hashes for internal state storage.
* Add a utility module for mixing in common functions.
* Use the utility module to parse time values.
* Use the utility module to parse URIs.
* Use the utility module to clean JSON structures.
* Fixup the to_json methods so that JSON#generate can use them.
* Add a Util test case and test the parse_time method.
* Add tests for the Util#parse_uri method.
* Add tests for the Util#clean_json method.
* Refactor the annotation tests to share setup.
* Add json output for the Annotation class.
* Return "/" by default for Manifest#id.
* Refactor Manifest for easier serialization.
* Improve Util#clean_json.
* Add Manifest#to_json.
* Add write support for Manifest#id.
* Write support for Manifest#created_on and #authored_on.
* Write support for Manifest#created_by.
* Return duplicate lists from Manifest.
* Add an edited flag to Manifest to detect changes.
* Add Manifest write access methods to the File class.
* Add File#add and File#add_aggregate.
* Add File#add_history and support in the manifest.
* Support for adding an author to the authoredBy list.
* Override File#commit_required? to include the manifest.
* Annotation: generate id on create, not on access.
* Fix erroneous Annotation test data.
* Allow annotation content to be set at creation time.
* Edit annotation content.
* Rename Annotation#about to Annotation#target.
* Add access to the manifest @context element.
* Create the .ro directory on init if needs be.
* Write out the manifest when closing the bundle.
* Don't create an empty Agent for Manifest#created_by.
* Initialize default manifest @context if missing.
* Initialize default manifest id if missing.
* Allow Manifest#add_aggregate to be passed an Aggregate object.
* Set aggregate mediatype on creation.
* Add Util.is_absolute_uri? method.
* Add File#aggregate? to test if an entry is aggregated.
* Improve Util.is_absolute_uri?().
* Mangle aggregate paths when building an Aggregate.
* Enable adding URI aggregates.
* Handle URIs in File#aggregate?().
* Override File#find_entry() to cope with URIs.
* Add URI aggregation tests.
* Add File#annotation? to test registered annotations.
* Add File#annotatable?().
* Add support for adding annotations to the manifest.
* Keep an internal manifest reference in RODir.
* Add AnnotationsDir managed directory to RODir.
* Add File#add_annotation.
* Manifest#add_author now returns an Agent object.
* Manifest#add_aggregate now returns an Aggregate object.
* Manifest#add_annotation now returns an Annotation object.
* Add tests for annotations with no targets.
* Use released versions of ucf and zip-container gems.
* Fix File#add_history documentation.
* Make Manifest#created_by= more flexible.
* Update the example manifest test fixture.
* Add Manifest#remove_annotation.
* Don't store an aggregate's uri as a URI object.
* Add Manifest#remove_aggregate.
* Don't store an agent's uri or orcid as URI objects.
* Remove the Util.parse_uri() method.
* Consolidate all require directives into one place.
* Tests on an empty manifest ({}).
* Tests on an invalid manifest.
* Tests on a bundle with an invalid manifest.
* Factor out the provenance information from the manifest.
* Factor out the provenance information from aggregates.
* Add provenance information to annotations.
* Add Provenance#remove_author.
* Refactor Manifest#remove_annotation.
* Allow annotations to be removed by their content field.
* Override File#remove to ensure manifest is kept up to date.
* Cleanup annotation content stored in .ro/annotations.
* Add Util.strip_leading_slash.
* Add Aggregate#file_entry for convenience.
* Add File#remove_aggregate.
* Add a new example script "zip2ro".
* Add a new example script "dir2ro".
* Add example and limitations detail to the ReadMe.

== Version 0.0.1

* Very basic RO Bundle facilities complete (plus examples).
* Very simple verification of RO Bundle files.
* API documentation added.
* Add tests.

== About this Changes file

This file is, at least in part, generated by the following command:

 $ git log --pretty=format:"* %s" --reverse --no-merges <commit-hash>..
